Add cluster hints on end devices (#4977)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: CHANGELOG.md

- Increased the maximum gRPC message size to 16MB.
- Gateways which have been deleted are now automatically disconnected by the Gateway Server.

> - Disabled devices that are registered on a different cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mark off and hide and restrict access to end devices that are registered on a different cluster in the Console.
```

Reviewer: Avoid speaking of "devices" only since this can be ambiguous (could also mean gateways). Also, we typically mark Console-related changes with "in the Console" in the changelog.
